README.md, before:

# AUTO AI

## Description
- An automatic porgram for training ML models with sklearn package with numerical data.


## Installation
### Prerequisites
- scikit-learn==1.1.3
- xgboost==1.7.4
- lightgbm==3.4.0
- mlxtend==0.22.0
- joblib==1.2.0
- numpy==1.25.0
- matplotlib==3.7.0
- seaborn==0.12.0
- pandas==1.6.0

### Installing
after creating a vitual enviroments
- pip install -r ./requirements.txt

## Usage
This program is designed to handle inputs in the form of 2D matrices utilizing either Pandas or NumPy libraries. Each row in the matrix represents a sample, and each column represents a feature. It is important to note that the program does not support time-series data.


## Features
- Hyperparameter Tuning: The program includes a built-in grid search method to optimize hyperparameters. Ensure that the search ranges in the grid_search_dt.json file are correctly updated to reflect the parameters you wish to tune.
- Feature Selection: Implements a sequential forward feature selection method to identify the most significant features for model training.
- Model Training Options: Users can choose among several model validation methods, including leave-one-out, cross-validation, or a simple train-test split, to train the model effectively.


## Contributing
Contribution guidelines

## Tests
How to run tests

## Deployment

## Built With

## Authors

## License

## Acknowledgments

## Contact Information

## Project Status

Commit message:

Make change ro fix all the program and test it in an new pc. change readme, prerequisites of the program move json file to main dir

README.md, after:

# AUTO AI

## Description
- An automatic porgram for training ML models with sklearn package with numerical data.


## Installation
### Prerequisites
- python==3.11.5

- scikit-learn==1.2.2
- xgboost==1.7.3
- lightgbm==4.1.0
- mlxtend==0.23.0
- joblib==1.2.0
- numpy==1.26.0
- matplotlib==3.8.1
- seaborn==0.13.0
- pandas==2.1.1


### Installing
after creating a vitual enviroments
- conda create -n ENV_Name python==3.11.5
- pip install -r ./requirements.txt

## Usage
This program is designed to handle inputs in the form of 2D matrices utilizing either Pandas or NumPy libraries. Each row in the matrix represents a sample, and each column represents a feature. It is important to note that the program does not support time-series data.


## Features
- Hyperparameter Tuning: The program includes a built-in grid search method to optimize hyperparameters. Ensure that the search ranges in the grid_search_dt.json file are correctly updated to reflect the parameters you wish to tune.
- Feature Selection: Implements a sequential forward feature selection method to identify the most significant features for model training.
- Model Training Options: Users can choose among several model validation methods, including leave-one-out, cross-validation, or a simple train-test split, to train the model effectively.


## Contributing
Contribution guidelines

## Tests
Setup the package
create an output folder 
prepare the datasets
run example.py or create your own
remember to create correct pth for output and datasets
change the traning parameter in example.py train_params_dt

## Deployment

## Built With

## Authors

## License

## Acknowledgments

## Contact Information

## Project Status
